POSIX threads for Syllable - A simple PThreads implementation

 About

This is a simple POSIX threads library which wraps the native Syllable
kernel threads implementation.

In its current form, it is incomplete but functional.  The aim is to create
an implementation which is as complete as possible.

Many parts of this library are currently non-optimal, and this release has not
been heavily tested!  There may be bugs, ommisions, and deviation from the
specification, not to mention the many parts which are currently unimplemented.

If you absolutly must have a reliable threads API, and portability is not an
issue, you are advised to use the native Syllable API rather than libpthread.

However, if you are porting code from or too another platform, then libpthread
is for you.  libpthread is currently complete enough to run smaller applications
such as the Ogg123 media player.

 Installation

Before you attempt to compile libpthread, you should obtain the latest headers
from the CVS repository.  The following headers must be updated if you are running
Syllable 0.4.1 or older:

/system/include/
	pthread.h
	atheos/pthreadtypes.h
	atheos/pthreadsignal.h
	atheos/types.h
	posix/signal.h

Once you have updated the header files listed above, you can compile and install
libpthread with a simple

	bash$ make all install

This will install libpthread.so.0 in /system/libraries, and create a symlink for
libpthread.so to libpthread.so.0

Remember to use -lpthread when linking code which uses libpthread.  Portable code
should already be using -lpthread, or has a configure script which will detect
the presense of libpthread.so and create the correct linker flags for you.

 Copyright

libpthread.so is Copyright (C) 2002 Kristian Van Der Vliet
(vanders@users.sourceforge.net), with parts taken from the Linux pthreads
implementation header files, which are Copyright (C) 1996 Xavier Leroy
(Xavier.Leroy@inria.fr).  Parts of pthread.c were taken from the original
AtheOS pthread.h which is Copyright (C) 2000 Kurt Skauen.

This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it
under the terms of the GNU Library General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or (at your
option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT
ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU Library General Public License
for more details.
